# MAN’S URINAL PROBLEM
2022 Optimization in Engineering Final Project
## Abstract
In this age where personal privacy is valued, people and regulations are committed to helping everyone's privacy from being invaded. However, when it comes to men’s privacy while peeing, no regulation or study is trying to protect this kind of privacy. Therefore, our study focuses on the best urinal distribution design for solving this problem. In addition, we also try to figure out the balance between protecting privacy and saving time, preventing men from spending too much time waiting in line or walking to the urinal so far away. Due to the formulation of the problem, we have to write our GA to get the result. We also apply different urinal-choosing strategies to simulate different people’s behavior. In conclusion, our study shows the best urinal distribution under specific total peeing men and space and time limitations. Moreover, there is a comparison between different choosing strategies.

## Problem Description
Peeing, as one of the most common but important things in our lives, helps clean up our bodies and balance water and electrolytes. Compared with women who can have their own private space while peeing, men use urinals. However, accompanying the convenience of urinals, men must sacrifice their privacy. Despite the dividers, we still feel uncomfortable peeing next to others. In addition, spending time lining up or walking to a faraway urinal is also disturbing. Therefore, to help all the men in the world improve their peeing experience, we try to find out how to maintain everyone’s privacy as well as save time under different urinal selection strategies and distributions. Every man can learn how to choose a urinal and toilet designers can maximize the whole group’s profit with this study.
